hi you know me robert axl introducing my
most inspired fabrication to date the
robert axl ab clicker you can channel
sure and adjust the volume at the same
time you are getting depraved
indifference to human life what that was
that evening it means that people stick
their fingers in places they shouldn't
have stuck their fingers you guys
there's a homeless man at the door it's
my father I'll give you one month Clara
douche bags are so good you really think
you can compliment her face and that
makes up for the fact you but am ia for
the better part of her life she's a
lesbian
so Amy what do you do for them it's
interesting you know you don't meet that
many lesbians who teach Jim if you say
Jerry and I are gonna give you a jack so
whose turn good nose I got you John
family mom
oh hey you're 19 minutes late that don't
sweat it yeah guys in the break room to
get you a foot massage latte whatever
you need everyone needs me I have men go
store in quite a long time I need your
help
let's go
I look like a lesbian not gender-neutral
gender-neutral that wasn't exactly the
look I was going for whoa you have to
leave yeah it's a fundraiser bitches I'm
here to raise funds do like McDonald's
yeah I think your dad's pretty crazy
what makes me so great
imagine this without microphone we must
doesn't want to see you make the same
mistake she did letting Roger Axl ruin
my life not forgiving him all I need is
one good idea right back up I was
you